[water gently sloshes]
[Seraphim gasps]
[tense music]
[indistinct clamoring]
[panting]
[deep sigh]
Huh?
What are you doing here?
Someone has to save you.
[Evios] Hey, lovebirds.
What the hell happened back there?
The gods have entered the fray.
-You.
-You know him?
He buried your mother.
[rumbling]
[crow caws]
[cawing]
[grunts]
-[whooshes]
-[groans]
-[rumbling]
-[Seraphim grunting]
[groaning]
Huh?
[grunting]
How dare you strike a god?
How dare you send me
to kill a man protected by one!
Find someone else to do your dirty work.
I've had enough.
Zeus has entered the fray.
But it doesn't change my plans.
[Hera] Help me kill Zeus.
And all that I've promised you
will be yours.
Including the location
of your Uncle Acrisius.
Where is he?
First…
I need you to find
the Cauldron of Darkness.
Too many eyes are fixed on me.
But you can move more freely.
[Hera] Do that…
and the crown of the world will be yours.
Why are you here?
To help.
We don't need your help.
[Elias] You can hate me all you want,
but it won't change the fact that you
are the key to this war.
[Elias] Let me help you.
Well, I've had enough crazy for today.
[Evios] Good luck to you
and all your future endeavors.
[Elias] You must accompany
Alexia to Melidoni.
And why would I do that?
To regain your honor.
[chuckles]
I don't know what you're talking about.
The deal you struck, Evios.
Hey, chin beard, how do you know my name?
I know it, just as I know
you can't continue to be a smuggler.
Why are we going to Melidoni?
You must navigate the Labyrinth
to find the giant remains.
[Elias] It is the source
of the demons' power.
Burn the remains and the demons will fall.
The map was destroyed.
Fear not. It will find you again.
[man 1] We lost our honor
when we were taken prisoner.
For Thebans, there is only death or glory.
Evios, this is our chance
to redeem ourselves.
He knows what we did.
If I die, it's your fault,
and I'm coming back to haunt you.
What say you, Heron?
Can you help me kill Seraphim?
I can help you do much more than that.
-[whistling]
-[distant screeching]
[gentle howl in distance]
[uplifting music]
[whimpers]
[uplifting choral music]
[coos]
Until we meet again.
Good luck.
[gentle howl]
[Heron] Whoa! Who-whoa! Who-who-whoa!
[Heron screaming]
[screaming continues]
[thunderous choral music]
[pants]
[gasps]
[uplifting choral music]
[birds squeak]
[squeaking]
[somber music]
[wings flapping]
[indistinct chatter]
[distant screeching]
[gentle howl]
[all gasp]
Do you see this?
[crowd murmuring]
Ridiculous.
[god 1]
What, can't he keep it in his pants?
-[god 2] How dare he?
-The seventh bastard child he's sired.
-Can't even keep track of…
-[god 3] Bastard human.
-[god 4] I won't stand for it, not at all.
-[god 5] This is entirely absurd.
-[Hera] What are you doing?
-[goddess 1] It's Hera.
How dare you bring
that bastard to Olympus?
How dare you conspire against me?
I don't want a war with you.
Then why bring him here?
Because it was the only way
to make amends.
Everything happening on Earth is my fault.
The demons.
The war.
None of it would have happened
if it wasn't for me.
You should have thought of that
before you slept with that whore.
I've wronged you.
I swear I will never stray again.
Only to you will I be true.
Can you forgive me?
Under one condition.
Anything.
His head.
[sighs]
That I cannot do.
You choose a mortal over your wife?
Over us?
I choose what is right.
Right for you.
We will not stand for this.
Be careful.
Only a fool would trust Hera.
[Poseidon] No.
Only a fool would anger her.
Follow her.
[epic music plays]
[regal music]
Not all demigods have divine strength.
[Zeus] But I believe you do.
Let's find out.
How?
[tweets]
[mechanical chirping]
[ominous music]
[loud thud]
-[gasps]
-[thud]
[groans]
[tense music]
[grunts]
[Heron panting]
[shouts]
[footsteps thudding]
-[grunts]
-[swooshes]
[groans]
[grunts]
Oh!
[groans]
[frustrated groan]
Not all foes can be defeated
by strength or anger.
Perseus did not slay Medusa with anger.
Even Hercules needed his wits
to defeat Antaeus.
[Zeus] True power is found
when one is calm.
Turn inward.
[breathes deeply]
[noble music grows louder]
[grunts]
Ah!
[grunting]
[groans]
[panting]
[grunts]
[clanks]
-[pants]
-[Zeus] Enough!
Your anger is unyielding.
[Zeus] You rely on it.
You turn to it.
You think it gives you strength.
But you don't know what real strength is.
[shatters]
[angry groan]
[god 6] Oh, I think they're…
[mechanical chirping]
[Zeus sighs]
I might have been wrong about him.
Well, you won't know
training him like that.
[god 6] How does that help someone
let go of their anger?
He needs to learn. Quickly.
No, what he needs
is a father.
[Evios] And I thought the demons
drove us hard.
-How much further?
-About a day or two.
All this walking.
[Evios] Gods, give me a ship any day.
So, it seems like you're a man
that knows how to move goods discreetly.
Uh, from time to time.
[scoffs]
What was the old man talking about?
You could say we sold the wrong thing
to the wrong people.
But it's a… a long story,
one not worth repeating.
I just pray the old man's right…
and that The Fates allow us
to redeem ourselves.
-[howls]
-[wings flapping]
[neighing]
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
[Zeus] I'm trying.
But I don't know how to do this.
[Zeus] I never really knew my father.
He didn't raise me.
He wanted me dead.
And when I finally met him,
I had to kill him…
to save my siblings.
That's not an excuse, it's just that…
I've been a great many things in my life.
But a father has never been one of them.
[Zeus] Rest up.
We start again in the morning.
[heroic music]
[panting]
[groans, pants]
Oh!
Aah!
Argh!
[groans]
[swooshes]
[grunting]
[pants]
-Enough!
-[gasping]
[Heron groans]
[Zeus] Heron! Let your anger go!
Turn inward.
I can't!
Then there's nothing I can do for you.
How could you let her die?
Even I…
at times…
am powerless.
[shouts]
We're not infallible.
How can you let Seraphim live?
Your mother wouldn't want me to kill him.
-We have an intruder!
-He's better off here.
Because…
Seraphim is her son, too.
[intense dramatic music]
[Zeus] Your half-brother.
What little of her
that is left in this world…
lives in him.
[growls]
And you.
We'll rest here for a bit.
[slashing]
What are you doing here?
I'd understand if you let loose.
[Chiron] I came to give you this.
[Alexia] But…
how?
[Kofi] It's just as the old man said.
The map found you.
[groans]
What are we going to do?
We're going to finish this.
Uh, yeah, what… what does that mean?
You said the giant remains
are the source of their power?
If you destroy them,
the demons they spawned will die.
You'd need an army to march into Melidoni.
Not if you approach from the rear
through the Fields of the Dead.
A small force could slip through.
[Chiron] The demons don't even bother
guarding it.
Yeah, because everyone
who tries to cross it dies.
Can you show us?
Fools.
[groans]
Aah!
[panting]
[uplifting music]
[clanking]
[panting]
Well done.
[rumbling]
Father, a word.
Hera and the others
have fled to the Underworld.
And is my brother conspiring with her?
No. Hades remains neutral.
But he said that any god who wishes
may take refuge there.
[Hermes] It's only a matter of time.
[Hermes] War is inevitable.
[gasping]
[Hermes] Wait.
[slow, mysterious music]
The Fates are calling…
for Heron.
[dramatic music]
Can you undo what's been done to Seraphim?
I can.
But it must be his choice.
[rumbling]
[door creaks open]
You must go alone.
I can't come with you.
[echoing voices] Heron.
[rumbles, creaks]
[footsteps]
[female voice 1]
Come closer. We won't bite.
[old female voice] Unless you want us to.
[chuckling]
You wanted to see me?
We want to help you.
But we sense doubt.
Why?
I never believed in fate.
What do you believe in?
Free will.
Free will and fate…
Coexist.
[Heron] How?
Imagine a baby crawling across a table.
If the baby continues, it will fall.
That's clear to you
long before it is to the child.
You have foresight,
while the baby does not.
But that doesn't mean
you've taken the baby's free will.
[Heron] What are you weaving?
The paths that lay before each man.
You're the child,
and we are the ones with the foresight.
[brooding music]
This…
is your thread.
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
[growls]
[dramatic music continues]
[gasping]
[woman 3] What you do in the coming days
will affect many.
More than you could have ever imagined.
[woman 3] The fate of the world
rests in your hands, Heron.
[woman 2] To succeed, you must harness
your divine strength.
-Aren't you going to…
-Tell him?
Tell me what?
You now approach a crossroad.
[tense music]
[demons growling]
[gasps]
[pants]
Alexia and the others.
The Fields of the Dead.
They… they need my help.
[Heron] Will they die?
The future is in constant motion.
Outcomes are always in flux.
Yes or no?
[dramatic music]
What did they say?
Where are you going?
My friends need me.
The world needs you.
If I don't go, they'll die.
You're not ready.
[choral music climaxes]
[closing theme music]